So this 'ls' command doesn't show you a whole lot, it just shows you the files that are there, but you
can actually modify that to show a lot more information if you had this '-l' at the end.
And actually, I'm going to make my screen a little bit bigger so that you can see this better.
So this shows you some more information about these same files.
And just as one one file per line; this probably looks a little bit cryptic, but there's a couple
of obvious things we can get out of the way.
So there's a timestamp of when that was made--modified, the date,
And this is the user and group that owns the file.
There's the file name.
But what you're really concerned about for running your shell scripts is this line here.
And it looks pretty strange if you've never done Linux file permissions before.
And that's what these are.
These are the file permissions for this particular file.
This is also referred to as the mode, which I'll be telling you about very shortly.
So for now, just know that "r" is for read.
"w" is for write.
And then "x", which is usually here, would be for execute.
So this file has read, write, read, and read.
So you can't actually run your script until you have an "x" in here in this line somewhere to make it
executable.
I'll show you how to make your script executable in the next section.